Material Creation, Properties, Flags, and Modification documentation (#3912)
GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern: docs/content/Modpacks/Materials-and-Elements/Material-Flags.md

Using material flags, you can specify several properties of each material, which
can influence how the material behaves, as well as which items are generated for it.

=== "Javascript"
    ```js
    GTCEuStartupEvents.registry('gtceu:material', event => {
        event.create('my_material')
            // ...
            .flags(GTMaterialFlags.FLAMMABLE)
    })
    ```
=== "Java"
    ```java
    public static Material MY_MATERIAL;
    public static void register() {
       MY_MATERIAL = new Material.Builder(
            your_mod_id.id('my_material'))
            // ...
            .flags(GTMaterialFlags.FLAMMABLE)
            .buildAndRegister();
        }
    ```

> # Generic Flags

Reviewer: All things referencing other constants on this page should add code style to it. e.g. 
```
GENERATE_PLATE -> `GENERATE_PLATE` and PropertyKey.DUST -> `PropertyKey.DUST`
```

> # Generic Flags

Reviewer: Also, please make sure all descriptions have a period at the end

- `NO_UNIFICATION`
    - Description: Add to material to disable it's unification fully.
    

> - `DECOMPOSITION_BY_ELECTROLYZING`
>     - Description: Enables electrolyzer decomposition recipe generation (Requires componets to be set).
> 
> - `DECOMPOSITION_BY_CENTRIFUGING`
>     - Description: Enables centrifuge decomposition recipe generation (Requires componets to be set).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DECOMPOSITION_BY_ELECTROLYZING`
    - Description: Enables electrolyzer decomposition recipe generation Requires `.components(...)` to be set.

- `DECOMPOSITION_BY_CENTRIFUGING`
    - Description: Enables centrifuge decomposition recipe generation. Requires `.components(...)` to be set.

```

- `DISABLE_DECOMPOSITION`
    - Description: Disables decomposition recipe generation for this material.

- `EXPLOSIVE`
    - Description: Any material with this flag wont have implosion compression recipes, and it will give ash when you arc furnace recycle it instead of that material.

- `FLAMMABLE`

>     - Description: Adding this flag means you cant smelt that material (it wont generate a ebf recipe/furnace recipe) also disables impossion compressor recipes like explosive does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Description: Adding this flag means you cant smelt that material and thus wont generate an ebf recipe/furnace recipe. Also disables implosion compressor recipes like `EXPLOSIVE` does.
```

- `STICKY`

>     - Description: Add to material if it is sticky (Changes the viscosity of the placed fluid. Only the oils and creosote have a placeable state by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Description: Add to material if it is sticky. This changes the viscosity of the placed fluid. Only the oils and creosote have a placeable state by default.
```

> - `PHOSPHORESCENT`
>     - Description: Adding this flag onto a material gives liquids a luminosity of 15, no matter the fluid state(liquid, gas, plasma) otherwise they default to 10 for specifically liquid state.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PHOSPHORESCENT`
    - Description: Adding this flag onto a material gives liquids a luminosity of 15, no matter the fluid state(liquid, gas, plasma). Otherwise they default to 10 for specifically liquid state.

```

     - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_DENSE` 
     - Description: Generates a dense plate for this material.
     - Required Flags: `GENERATE_PLATE`.
     - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_ROD`
    - Description: Generates a rod for this material.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_BOLT_SCREW`
    - Description: Generates a bolt and screw for this material.
    - Required Flags: `GENERATE_ROD`.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_FRAME`
    - Description: Generates a frame for this material.
    - Required Flags: `GENERATE_ROD`.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_GEAR`
    - Description: Generates a gear for this material.
    - Required Flags: `GENERATE_PLATE`, `GENERATE_ROD`.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `GENERATE_LONG_ROD`
    - Description: Generates a long rod for this material.
    - Required Flags: `GENERATE_ROD`.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `FORCE_GENERATE_BLOCK`
    - Description: Add this to a material to force generate a block.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

- `EXCLUDE_BLOCK_CRAFTING_RECIPES`

>     - Description: This will prevent material from creating Shapeless recipes for dust to block and vice versa. Also preventing extruding and alloy smelting recipes via SHAPE_EXTRUDING/MOLD_BLOCK.
>     - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Description: This will prevent material from creating Shapeless recipes for dust to block and vice versa. Also preventing extruding and alloy smelting recipes via `SHAPE_EXTRUDING`/`MOLD_BLOCK`.
    - Required Properties: `PropertyKey.DUST`.
```
